applications: nrf_desktop: Add ble_state documentation (#2020)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/ble_state.rst

BLE state module
################

> Use the ``ble_state`` module to:

Author: I am not sure if we can call these `scenarions`, I think it would be refer to it as `functionalities`. The Event Manager events are send when handling Zephyr Bluetooth callbacks.

* enable Bluetooth (:cpp:func:`bt_enable`),
* handle Zephyr connection callbacks (:c:type:`struct bt_conn_cb`),
* handle Zephyr authenticated pairing callbacks (:c:type:`struct bt_conn_auth_cb`),
* propagate information about the connection state using :ref:`event_manager` events.

Module Events
*************

+----------------+-------------------------+---------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Source Module  | Input Event             | This Module   | Output Event          | Sink Module           |
+================+=========================+===============+=======================+=======================+

> | ``ble_state``  | ``ble_peer_event``      | ``ble_state`` |                       |                       |

Author: This module sends ``ble_peer_event`` and it is also the listener for the mentioned event, so that's true.

|                |                         |               |                       | :ref:`hid_state`      |
|                |                         |               |                       +-----------------------+
|                |                         |               |                       | :ref:`hid_forward`    |
|                |                         |               |                       +-----------------------+
|                |                         |               |                       | ``ble_state``         |
+----------------+-------------------------+---------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

Configuration
*************

The module requires only basic Bluetooth configuration (described in the Bluetooth guide).

The option ``CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_ENABLE_PASSKEY`` can be used to enable passkey based pairing for increased security.
The :ref:`passkey` module has to be enabled and configured in that case.

Implementation details
**********************

The ``ble_state`` module is used both by Bluetooth Periperal and Central devices.

> The module propagates information about the connection state changes using ``ble_peer_event``.

Author: Event Manager subsystem is central part of our application. It propagates all the events (like ``ble_peer_event``, ``button_event`` etc.) to the listeners. This information is in `README.rst`.
I think we should use event names here.

:cpp:member:`id` is a pointer to the connection object.
:cpp:member:`state` is the connection state.

Connection state can be set to one of the following values:

* :cpp:enum:`PEER_STATE_CONNECTED` - remote peer successfully connected.
* :cpp:enum:`PEER_STATE_CONN_FAILED` - failed to connect remote peer.
* :cpp:enum:`PEER_STATE_SECURED` - security for the connection set at least to level 2 (encryption and no authentication).
* :cpp:enum:`PEER_STATE_DISCONNECTED` - remote peer disconnected.

> For Bluetooth Peripheral, the ``ble_state`` module is used to request connection security level 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Bluetooth peripheral, the ``ble_state`` module is used to request the connection security level 2.
```

> For Bluetooth Peripheral, the ``ble_state`` module is used to request connection security level 2.

Author: I am not sure it this will be better, I wanted to add information valid for both central and peripheral first, then move to peripheral-specific things.

> If the connection security level 2 is not successfully established, the Peripheral device disconnects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the connection security level 2 is not established, the peripheral device disconnects.
```

> In case ``CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_ENABLE_PASSKEY`` option is set, ``ble_state`` module registers set of authenticated pairing callbacks (:c:type:`struct bt_conn_auth_cb`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set the ``CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_ENABLE_PASSKEY`` option, the ``ble_state`` module registers the set of authenticated pairing callbacks (:c:type:`struct bt_conn_auth_cb`).
```
Please use the definition list formatting for this line and lines 76-77. See https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/zephyr/guides/documentation/index.html#lists
Use heading "Passkey enabled".

The callbacks can be used to achieve higher security levels.
The passkey input is handled in the :ref:`passkey` module.

> If Nordic proprietary BLE Link Layer is selected (:option:`CONFIG_BT_LL_NRFXLIB`), the module sends Bluetooth HCI command to enable the LLPM when Bluetooth is ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Nordic proprietary BLE Link Layer is selected (:option:`CONFIG_BT_LL_NRFXLIB`), the module sends a Bluetooth HCI command to enable the LLPM when Bluetooth is ready.
```
As for the previous paragraph, please use definition list formatting with the heading "BLE Link Layer selected".

> For the mentioned Link Layer, the ``ble_state`` module is also used to set TX power for connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Link Layer also uses the ``ble_state`` module for setting the TX power for connections.
```

Author: That's not true, the module sets the TX power in case given LL is in use. The LL does not even know that the module exists.

Reviewer: Well, then we need to rephrase with the ble_state module as subject, something like:
```suggestion
The ``ble_state`` module is also used for the selected Link Layer to set the TX power for connections.
```

> ``ble_state`` module keeps references to :c:type:`struct bt_conn` objects to ensure that they remain valid when other application modules access them.

Reviewer: Can we move lines 82-84 before line 75, that is before discussing the optional passkey and BLE LL topics?

Author: Will do

> When new connection is established, the module calls the :cpp:func:`bt_conn_ref` to increase object reference counter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new connection is established, the module calls :cpp:func:`bt_conn_ref` to increase the object reference counter.
```

> After ``ble_peer_event`` regarding disconnection or connection failure is received by all other application modules, ``ble_state`` module unrefs the :c:type:`struct bt_conn` object using :cpp:func:`bt_conn_unref`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the event ``ble_peer_event`` regarding disconnection or connection failure is received by all other application modules, ``ble_state`` module unreferences the :c:type:`struct bt_conn` object by using :cpp:func:`bt_conn_unref`.
```
